---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "restapi_call Resource - terraform-provider-restapi"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# restapi_call (Resource)

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `endpoint` (String) A endpoint where the terraform provider will point to, this must include the http(s) schema and port number.

### Optional

- `create` (Block List, Max: 1) A element to define how to create the resource (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock))
- `custom_id` (String) An ID to manage the resource. If not provided, the id_path must be informed in the create call.
- `delete` (Block List, Max: 1) A element to define how to delete the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock))
- `read` (Block List, Max: 1) A element to define how to read the resource (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock))
- `update` (Block List, Max: 1) A element to define how to update the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock))

### Read-Only

- `create_output` (String) The output generated when the resource was created. Use jsondecode to decode this output if it is a JSON object.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `raw_output` (String) The output from the last operation.

<a id="nestedblock"></a>
### Nested Schema for `create`, `read`, `update` and `delete`.

Optional:

- `body` (String) The request body as a string. It supports replacement by the tag {id}.
- `headers` (Map of String) A map of headers to pass to the rest api call
- `http_method` (String) The http method to call the api.
- `id_path` (String) The json path from where the id can retrieved in a success call. For example: "$.response.id"
- `json_path` (String) The json path you want to return. For example: $.objects[0]
- `path` (String) The path to call. It supports replacement by the tag {id}. For example: /{id}
